"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.” – Walt Disney
“People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.” – Rob Siltanen
"It's a beautiful day. Give yourself a treatment. Go out. Taste a cup of tea or a coffee. Enjoy the monent!" - Unknown
“Develop An ‘Attitude Of Gratitude’. Say Thank You To Everyone You Meet For Everything They Do For You.” – Brian Tracy
“Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.”– Ayn Rand
“Our capacity to draw happiness from aesthetic objects or material goods in fact seems critically dependent on our first satisfying a more important range of emotional or psychological needs, among them the need for understanding, for love, expression and respect.”– Alain De Botton
“The true secret of happiness lies in the taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life.”– William Morris
“The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.”– William Saroyan
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love.”– Baruch Spinoza
“Happiness consists more in conveniences of pleasure that occur everyday than in great pieces of good fortune that happen but seldom.”– Benjamin Franklin
“Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination.”– Immanuel Kant
“To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.”– Bertrand Russell
“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.”― Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happiness is being content with what you have, living in freedom and liberty, having a good family life and good friends.”– Divyanka Tripathi
“Happiness is the interval between periods of unhappiness.”– Don Marquis
“The world is full of people looking for spectacular happiness while they snub contentment.”– Doug Larson
“Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers’ gardens.”– Douglas Jerrold
“Happiness is excitement that has found a settling down place. But there is always a little corner that keeps flapping around.”- E.L. Konigsburg